🔧(project) improve sentry integration (#327)
openfun/ralph: docs/api.md

]
'
```

### Sentry configuration

Ralph provides Sentry integration to monitor its LRS server and its CLI.
To activate Sentry integration, one should define the following environment variables:

```bash
RALPH_SENTRY_DSN={PROTOCOL}://{PUBLIC_KEY}:{SECRET_KEY}@{HOST}{PATH}/{PROJECT_ID}
RALPH_SENTRY_EXECUTION_ENVIRONMENT=development
```

The Sentry DSN (Data Source Name) can be found in your project settings from Sentry application. The execution environment should reflect the environment Ralph has been deployed in (_e.g._ `production`).

You may also want to [monitor the performance](https://develop.sentry.dev/sdk/performance/) of Ralph by configuring the CLI and LRS traces sample rates:
```bash
RALPH_SENTRY_CLI_TRACES_SAMPLE_RATE=0.1
RALPH_SENTRY_LRS_TRACES_SAMPLE_RATE=0.3
```
> Note that a sampling rate of `1.0` means 100% of transactions are sent to sentry and `0.1` only 10%.

> If you want to lower noisy transactions (_e.g._ in a Kubernetes cluster), you can disable health checks related ones:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you want to lower noisy transactions (_e.g._ in a Kubernetes cluster), you can disable health checks related ones by defining the following environment variable:
```

]
'
```

### Sentry configuration

> Ralph provides Sentry integration to monitor its LRS server and its CLI.
> To activate Sentry transactions, define the following environment variable with the Data Source Name to which Sentry SDK will send the events: 
> ```bash
> RALPH_SENTRY_DSN={PROTOCOL}://{PUBLIC_KEY}:{SECRET_KEY}@{HOST}{PATH}/{PROJECT_ID}
> ```
> The following environment variables can be defined to further configure Sentry transactions:
> - The execution environment tag to add to your Sentry SDK (defaults to `development`):
> ```bash
> RALPH_SENTRY_EXECUTION_ENVIRONMENT=development
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ralph provides Sentry integration to monitor its LRS server and its CLI.
To activate Sentry integration, one should define the following environment variables: 

\`\`\`bash
RALPH_SENTRY_DSN={PROTOCOL}://{PUBLIC_KEY}:{SECRET_KEY}@{HOST}{PATH}/{PROJECT_ID}
RALPH_SENTRY_EXECUTION_ENVIRONMENT=development
\`\`\`

The Sentry DSN (Data Source Name) can be found in your project settings from Sentry application. The execution environment should reflect the environment Ralph has been deployed in (_e.g._ `production`).

```

> - The sampling rate at which the CLI events will be sent (defaults to `1.0`, i.e. all events will be sent):
> ```bash
> RALPH_SENTRY_CLI_TRACES_SAMPLE_RATE=0.1
> ```
> - The sampling rate at which the LRS events will be sent (defaults to `1.0`, i.e. all events will be sent):
> ```bash
> RALPH_SENTRY_LRS_TRACES_SAMPLE_RATE=0.3
> ```
> - Whether or not to ignore sending events for the health check routes (`__lbheartbeat__` and `__heartbeat__`) of the API (defaults to `False`):
> ```bash
> RALPH_SENTRY_IGNORE_HEALTH_ROUTES=True
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may also want to [monitor the performance](https://develop.sentry.dev/sdk/performance/) of Ralph by configuring the CLI and LRS traces sample rate:

\`\`\`bash
RALPH_SENTRY_CLI_TRACES_SAMPLE_RATE=0.1
RALPH_SENTRY_LRS_TRACES_SAMPLE_RATE=0.3
\`\`\`

> Note that a sampling rate of `1.0` means 100% of transactions are sent to sentry and `0.1` only 10%.

If you want to lower noisy transactions (_e.g._ in a Kubernetes cluster), you can disable health checks related ones:

\`\`\`bash
RALPH_SENTRY_IGNORE_HEALTH_CHECKS=True
\`\`\`
```
